README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/epeli/metar.js.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/epeli/metar.js)

# metar.js

[METAR](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/METAR) (Meteorological Aviation Report) parser for Javascript

Demo: <http://epeli.github.io/metar.js/>

## Install

node.js or browserify

    npm install metar

browser

```html
<script src="metar.js"></script>
```

## Example

Get reports from <http://weather.noaa.gov/pub/data/observations/metar/stations/>

```javascript
// only required in node or browserify otherwise it's a global.
var parseMETAR = require("metar");

console.log(parseMETAR("EFJY 171950Z AUTO 27006KT 220V310 9999 FEW012 SCT015 BKN060 13/12 Q1006"));
```

```json
{
    "station": "EFJY",
    "time": "2013-12-17T19:50:38.219Z",
    "auto": true,
    "wind": {
        "speed": 6,
        "gust": null,
        "direction": 270,
        "variation": {
            "min": 220,
            "max": 310
        },
        "unit": "KT"
    },
    "cavok": false,
    "visibility": 9999,
    "weather": null,
    "clouds": [
        {
            "abbreviation": "FEW",
            "meaning": "few",
            "altitude": 1200,
            "cumulonimbus": false
        },
        {
            "abbreviation": "SCT",
            "meaning": "scattered",
            "altitude": 1500,
            "cumulonimbus": false
        },
        {
            "abbreviation": "BKN",
            "meaning": "broken",
            "altitude": 6000,
            "cumulonimbus": false
        }
    ]
}
```

# Changelog

## 0.3.0

- Parse REUP [#16](https://github.com/skydivejkl/metar.js/pull/16)
- Added METAR|SPECI type parsing [#15](https://github.com/skydivejkl/metar.js/pull/15)
- Added RVR parser

## 0.2.0

  - Support negative dewpoint and air temp [#10](https://github.com/epeli/metar.js/pull/10)

Commit message:

Add Hourly Precipitation, Readme
* Add General Readme about the Modified Project
* Add Hourly Precipitation

README.md, after:

# metar.js Custom

This build has been modified by Christopher Zenzel to support additional data fields within the United States METAR format provided by the National Weather Service. These tags include, but are not limited to items such as hourly precipitation.

Christopher is currently looking for work! Support his #Autism by following him on [Linked-In](https://linkedin.com/in/chriszenzel) or his [web site](https://chriszenzel.com). You can also connect and see if he would be the right fit for your organization or company.

This Node module was modified to provide additional data for him to learn Hadoop as part of his job search.

Thanks!

Christopher Zenzel

# Original Project Readme

## metar.js

[METAR](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/METAR) (Meteorological Aviation Report) parser for Javascript

Demo: <http://epeli.github.io/metar.js/>

## Install

node.js or browserify

    npm install metar

browser

```html
<script src="metar.js"></script>
```

## Example

Get reports from <http://weather.noaa.gov/pub/data/observations/metar/stations/>

```javascript
// only required in node or browserify otherwise it's a global.
var parseMETAR = require("metar");

console.log(parseMETAR("EFJY 171950Z AUTO 27006KT 220V310 9999 FEW012 SCT015 BKN060 13/12 Q1006"));
```

```json
{
    "station": "EFJY",
    "time": "2013-12-17T19:50:38.219Z",
    "auto": true,
    "wind": {
        "speed": 6,
        "gust": null,
        "direction": 270,
        "variation": {
            "min": 220,
            "max": 310
        },
        "unit": "KT"
    },
    "cavok": false,
    "visibility": 9999,
    "weather": null,
    "clouds": [
        {
            "abbreviation": "FEW",
            "meaning": "few",
            "altitude": 1200,
            "cumulonimbus": false
        },
        {
            "abbreviation": "SCT",
            "meaning": "scattered",
            "altitude": 1500,
            "cumulonimbus": false
        },
        {
            "abbreviation": "BKN",
            "meaning": "broken",
            "altitude": 6000,
            "cumulonimbus": false
        }
    ]
}
```

# Changelog

## 0.3.0

- Parse REUP [#16](https://github.com/skydivejkl/metar.js/pull/16)
- Added METAR|SPECI type parsing [#15](https://github.com/skydivejkl/metar.js/pull/15)
- Added RVR parser

## 0.2.0

  - Support negative dewpoint and air temp [#10](https://github.com/epeli/metar.js/pull/10)
